Add application management simulation (#4)
splunk/simdata-examples: 02 app management/README.md

> # Application Management example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Application management example
```

Author: leaving the M capitalized as it's the name of the example

> This simulation has CSV files used for mockdata. They are included under the `data` directory here. CSV mockdata files must reside at the same file system path as the simulation file, or the `data` directory at that path.

Reviewer: `mockdata`
```suggestion
This simulation has CSV files used for `mockdata`. They are included under the `data` directory here. CSV `mockdata` files must reside at the same file system path as the simulation file, or the `data` directory at that path.
```

> The application management simulation intends to model a simple web application with 3 entities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application management simulation intends to model a simple web application with three entities:
```

* `User` entities sending requests to `WebServer` entities
* `WebServer` entities receiving requests from `User` entities, and sending/receiving requests to `Database` entities
* `Database` entities receiving requests from `WebServer` entities

## Sending data to Splunk Enterprise HEC

> Before using this simulation some configuration needs to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using this simulation, some configuration files need to be updated.
```

> In `app-man.json`, under the `transports` property there are some placeholder values for the `SplunkHEC` transport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `app-man.json`, under the `transports` property, there are some placeholder values for the `SplunkHEC` transport.
```

* `uri` is the Splunk Enterprise URI including the HEC port (8088 by default)
* `token` is the Splunk Enterprise HEC token
* `default_index` is the default Splunk Enterprise index to send events to

## Setup

> This simulation will generate a good amount of data in the index configured in the `app-man.json` file. Just make sure the index exists, and the Splunk HEC token is configured to send data to that index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This simulation will generate data in the index configured in the `app-man.json` file. Make sure the index exists, and the Splunk HEC token is configured to send data to that index.
```

## Running the simulation

```sh
java -jar <SimData JAR file> --simulation app-man.simulation --scene app-man.json
```

### Expected output

Since events are configured to go to `SplunkHEC`, nothing will be printed to the console.

```sh
Starting simulation
```

### Helpful Splunk searches

> The following queries are some examples for finding meaning in the generated data through Splunk searches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following queries show examples of finding meaningful information in the generated data using Splunk searches.
```

> #### HTTP Status Error codes by Webserver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### HTTP status error codes by webserver
```
